As of now, we are thinking about having our bot hosted on discord, where users can add the bot to the channel and using a command, activate/login to the bot. With the bot being hosted in discord, we will be able to have the discord app send notifications for assignments on the desktop. In order for this bot to work, we are going to need to utilize the canvas API so we can pull the assignment information from the users page, since users are not going to want to have to input every assignment manually. That being said, we will have the option for the user to manually add/delete assignments that way the bot can be used for more than just canvas assignments. The bot will need to have the ability to store data somewhere since we are getting assignments from canvas (I'm not sure if discord bots can store information on the hardrive of a computer, but I don't think we will be able to store data in the cloud. This is something we will look more into). 

This bot will also have the option to dipslay all assignments in a list view (which can be filtered by priority or due date) or display the assignments in a calender similar to how apple does their calender on the iPhone where days that have assignments due will have a grey dot (or some other indicator) under the date. Additionally, there will be the option to increase/decrease the amount of notifications sent and maybe the ability to set what time you want the notification sent (i.e. if you know you're more productive at night, you can set the notification to 6 pm, for example).
